---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Falls 2024: Final Entry: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *How well do you think the course conveyed those takeaways?*

    * I believe the course effectively conveyed its key takeaways; however, I strongly recommend that the later projects in the course require students to collaborate in pairs. This would provide a deeper understanding of the value and significance of pair programming.
    
---
* *Were there any other particular takeaways for you?*

    * Another key takeaway I had, which wasn’t explicitly mentioned, was the importance of thoroughly developing a design before starting to program. Whenever my partner and I took the time to do this, we not only completed our projects more quickly but also achieved more elegant results.
    
---
* *What required tool did you not know and now find very useful?*

    * I believe Docker is the most significant tool I hadn’t encountered before this class. It has since become an integral part of my personal project workflow.
    
---
* *In the end, how much did you learn relative to other UT CS classes?*

    * I feel that this course provided me with far more practical aspects of computer science compared to my previous courses, which were more focused on understanding how computer systems function rather than on industry-relevant coding practices.
    
---
* *My thoughts on Ed Discussion.*

    * I really enjoyed using Ed Discussion and only wish I had been more active in posting earlier in the semester. The support from fellow students and staff had a significant impact on improving my code.
    
---
* *My thoughts on collaborative exercises on Ed Lessons.*

    * I initially disliked the collaborative exercises before finding a group of students I could work with, as tackling them solo was extremely stressful. However, working with a group not only eased the pressure but also greatly boosted my confidence as a programmer.
    
---
* *My thoughts on getter/setter papers.*

    * I found the papers on getters and setters to be valuable in strengthening my foundational understanding of object-oriented programming. However, the examples used in the papers could have been more effective.
    
---
* *My thoughts on pair programming on projects.*

    * Initially, I disliked pair programming and was hesitant to try it, much like my experience with the collaborative exercises. However, believe me when I say it makes the course significantly easier, about ten times, in fact.
    
---
* *My thoughts on Docker*

    * I love Docker, and as I mentioned earlier, it has become an integral part of my personal workflow. In short: it’s essential, take the time to learn it!
    
---