---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of my time management last week, as I had two exams (one for physics and one for geology). I managed to get plenty of studying done for each exam even though they were back to back because I forced myself to sit down for hours last weekend to get ahead on homework. Moreover, I'm really proud of my mental health management last week. I struggle with burnout and so I finally gave myself a rest day where I sat down and didn't think about school all day, which was something I hadn't done since the semester started.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    *  As I stated above it was my time and mental health management skills that allowed me to make those my most proud moments. Once again I find myself needing to work on getting ahead of my long-term assignments, as I've been juggling two different projects back to back and it's been exhausting.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * The main impact I had on other people last week was making my girlfriend and my family happy by being available and present (phone calls, ect.). This ties back into what I mentioned prior, as without these skills I would most definitely become a hermit until the end of the semester. Moreover, I also got to talk to two of my childhood best friends who I hadn't heard from in months, which made all three of us very happy.
    
---
* *What did you think of Paper #5. Single Responsibility Principle.*

    * I thought this paper was very interesting. It served as a concise restatement of a design principle that had been drilled into my head by every computer science professor I've had here at UT. In addition, I thought the paper's commentary about how this principle doesn't need to be applied to every project was important, as some people will read this paper and think every project they've created needs to be redesigned with this in mind.
    
---
* *What did you think of consts, arrays, algorithms and iterators?*

    * I thought the vast amount of different uses for consts was a bit overwhelming at first, but I think implementing them in my code over time will definitely aid in my understanding. However, the lectures about arrays, algorithms, and iterators made a lot of sense to me and expanded my foundational understanding of these concepts and the C++ language in general.
    
---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * Similar to my answer in regard to my impact on others, making my family and my girlfriend happy and talking to my two childhood best friends contributed to my overall happiness this week.
    
---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an article about how scammers are using artificial intelligence to clone our voices and [hack into our bank accounts](https://www.cnn.com/2024/09/18/tech/ai-voice-cloning-scam-warning/index.html). I'm sure we're all tired of spam calls being automated by artificial intelligence and to learn that these technologies are being further weaponized to wreak havoc on our lives is terrifying.
    
---