---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of myself for getting the second project done during a super hectic week for me. I'm also proud of myself for getting a good grade on the geology test I took two weeks ago, which I didn't have a whole lot of time to study for.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * I used my time management and studying skills to make these my most proud moments. I learned that I definitely need to work on my ability to start things sooner, as I struggled to get out of the gate with this project at first.
    
---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * I was able to go home to Houston this weekend to visit my girlfriend and my family, which I know made them very happy. My cat was also really excited to see me, as he always gets a lot of love and treats when I'm able to visit.
    
---
* *What did you think of Paper #6. Open-Closed Principle.*

    * I thought this paper about the open-closed design principle was a little abstract at first, but after spending a bit of time thinking about it, it turned out to be rather interesting and (dare I say) intuitive. I think the most important thing I learned from this was the virtual keyword, as prior to reading I'd never encountered this keyword before. In short, this paper enhanced my understanding of both the C++ language and encapsulation in general.
    
---
* *What did you think of Project #2. Voting.*

    * I thought this project was going to be a lot easier for me than it turned out to actually be, but I'd say that's mainly my fault as I didn't have a full grasp on stack memory management at first. However, after completing this project I feel like I've gained a much stronger understanding of the aforementioned concept. I also feel much more capable of starting the next couple of projects, as a large chunk of time I spent on this project was setup and bug fixing.
    
---
* *What did you think of reverse(), iterator_tags, const methods and friend functions?*

    * I thought the different reverse method implementations for all the iterator tags was very intuitive and strengthened my overall understanding of hierarchical inheritance. Moreover, I thought constant methods and friend functions were also very intuitive, however, I feel like they're less common than the previously mentioned concepts.
    
---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * Finishing this week's project made me really happy, as it meant I was able to go home and visit my girlfriend and my family without worrying about homework.
    
---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an article about [successful quantum computer error correction](https://www.sciencenews.org/article/quantum-computer-error-correction), which marks significant advancements in the field of quantum computing.
    
---