---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
author: Jimbo
pfp: antonio-3.jpeg
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of myself for getting Project 1 completed in a timely manner. I left myself plenty of time to clarify and adjust according to the project specifications. Moreover, I'm also proud of myself for taking mental notes for how I can improve my efficiency for the next project, which like every project involves me getting started just a little sooner.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * Once again I had to place a big emphasis on my time management skills in order to accomplish completing the project in a timely manner. Initiative was another skill that played large role in my success last week, as I was constantly forcing myself to get started early and maintain that work ethic throughout the week.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * I made my parents and my girlfriend happy by coming down to League City (Houston) for the weekend. However, my cat was unhappy with me per the norm (I have the scratches to prove it), as he's living with my parents until I graduate. Anyone interested in pictures of my cat can navigate to the staff page and click on Simba, where I'll be uploading more pictures of him later today.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #3. Continuous Integration.*

    * This paper provided some foundational information about continuos integration and its applications within industry, while also furthering my understanding of build tools, such as git pipeline. Prior to this article (and Project 1) I hadn't really thought too deeply into the mechanics behind these tools, whereas now I have a strong understanding and I'm really grateful they exist.

---
* *What did you think of assertions, unit tests, coverage, is_prime() and argument passing?*

    * I had worked with assertions in prior classes and projects, but unit tests and coverage were completely foreign to me, i.e. I had heard of them, I had just never worked with them before. I understand why they exist and their utility in testing and maintaining large projects, however, creating ten to twenty of them became tedious rather quickly. Hence why we should focus on creating a few well thought out unit tests. Moreover, the is_prime() and argument passing through value, address, and reference examples were interesting and really opened my eyes to what's capable within the C++ language.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I was extremely happy to see my family and my girlfriend this weekend. Also having very little homework to do for once was a nice change of pace.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an article about the [TikTok ban legislation](https://www.pewresearch.org/short-reads/2024/09/05/support-for-a-us-tiktok-ban-continues-to-decline-and-half-of-adults-doubt-it-will-happen/) currently making its' way through Congress and how it's projected to not pass. I wonder if this will have an impact on UT's decision to ban the social media platform from campus wifi. Just something to think about.

---