---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of my partner and me for getting a head start on Project Four, especially with the time we've dedicated to designing our solution. Hopefully, we’ll only need to put in a few more hours to finish it up. I’m also really proud of myself for finding some time to work on my website. I’ve learned so much over the past two years, and I want to update the backend framework to really showcase that growth.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * My ability to plan ahead has been the biggest factor in getting work done early. I’ve definitely come a long way, considering I used to leave everything until the last minute (which is still partly true, as I haven’t finished my Modern Web Applications Project Three yet).

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * This weekend, I traveled to Dallas with my girlfriend to support her cousin as he was sworn in as an official lawyer for the state of Texas. It was a joyful ceremony, and I feel really fortunate to have been a part of it.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #11. More on getters and setters.*

    * Paper Eleven was the first paper I genuinely disagreed with; the design philosophy it promoted felt overly complicated and impractical to implement. In contrast, the previous paper on using interfaces and layers of abstraction was much more insightful and applicable, as I’m already incorporating those ideas into my projects. Paper Eleven, on the other hand, felt full of academic jargon, as if it was trying to sound smarter than it actually was.

---
* *What did you think of the ethics lectures?*

    * I’m currently enrolled in Contemporary Issues in Computer Science, and these lectures reminded me of ones I’ve heard throughout the semester, as well as the ethics course I took last semester (Digital Ethics in the Modern Age, or something like that). I’d recommend these courses to any upper-division computer science students.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I’m really happy that we’re one week closer to finishing this semester and, in turn, one step closer to graduation. May can’t get here fast enough.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an article about how the [computer science job market](https://www.miamistudent.net/article/2024/03/in-a-bit-of-a-rut-right-now-students-struggle-to-find-computer-science-jobs) is currently in a bit of a rut. I know many of us are getting ready to graduate and are pushing through rounds of interviews, so I just wanted to remind everyone that we’ve got this. Keep applying, no matter how many rejections we face along the way.

---