---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of myself for pushing through and finishing my project last week, I spent hours just debugging and was practically losing my mind. I'm also proud of myself for doing well on my second physics exam, though I know I can definitely do even better on the next one (I need to force myself to study a bit more consistently).

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * Persistence played a huge role in completing last week's project, I was exhausted and felt discouraged by the endless bugs I encountered while coding my solution. Additionally, my reading comprehension and study skills really helped me perform well on my physics exam.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * I didn’t do much besides work on my project last week, but I did manage to help my classmates with the in-class exercise we had. I’m a bit nervous about the one coming up on Monday, though.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #9. The Dependency Inversion Principle.*

    * I found this week’s paper on the Dependency Inversion Principle really insightful. It clarified the reasoning behind abstracting modules and layers, helping me understand when and how to apply this design principle in both educational and professional projects.

---
* *What did you think of Exercise #6. Vector.*

    *  I felt that this week’s exercise was just the right level of challenge for the time given, which is really helping me build my critical thinking skills under time pressure. Once again, I’d like to request that the staff provide solutions after grading so we can learn from our mistakes and challenges, helping us approach future exercises with a stronger understanding.

---
* *What did you think of copy constructor, and copy assignment?*

    *  I found the solution to the copy constructor and copy assignment functions using the swap function really elegant, it inspired me to look for more efficient solutions in my own code.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I was just really relieved to finish my project this week since I’d been under a lot of stress to get it done.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My tip of the week is to take regular breaks during long coding sessions, it really helps me come back with a fresh perspective and tackle difficult or frustrating problems more effectively.

---