---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of completing my Modern Web Applications Project 2 in the span of one day (I was really procrastinating this time).

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * I had to rely on my endurance to finish this project on time, i.e. sitting in one spot, focusing on one task for hours. Hopefully, I can be a bit smarter in the coming weeks and start working on projects for that class a bit earlier.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * Once again, I had the chance to visit my girlfriend and family in Houston, which I know made them very happy. I also bought my cat new feather toys this weekend since his old one had fallen apart, and he hasn't stopped playing with them since. On a side note, if anyone has tips on how to get a cat to use a tunnel, please let me know because I bought him one, and he still hasn't touched it.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #7. Liskov Substitution Principle.*

    * I found this week’s paper on the Liskov Substitution Principle to offer a really interesting perspective on polymorphism. I had never considered how down casting objects could lead to undefined behaviors. Additionally, the principle's emphasis on inheritance being based on explicit public behaviors, rather than predefined intrinsic notions, was eye-opening.

---
* *What did you think of Exercise #4. Array.*

    * I really struggled to complete this week’s exercise involving the my_array class (specifically with the equals equals function). I thought I had a solid understanding of the material, but that changed when I had to actually program it. I hope to learn from this week’s challenges and come back even stronger for future exercises and projects.

---
* *What did you think of stack<T, C>?*

    * I found the container abstraction in the stack class really interesting, and I was fascinated by the behavior of the member initialization list. I was already familiar with the use of default parameters, but the refresher was nice.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I’m really happy that I managed to stay on top of my assignments this week. I’m also looking forward to the coming weekend, as it’ll be the first in almost a month where I won’t have to spend several hours driving.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an [article](https://www.defensenews.com/air/2024/10/09/lockheed-names-software-specialist-as-new-head-of-f-35-jet-program/) about Lockheed Martin and their ongoing struggles with software for the F-35. Specifically, I’d like to ask whether you think it’s ethical to work for these defense contractors? I certainly don't.

---