---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *Where did you grow up?*

    * I grew up in League City, Texas.

---
* *What high school did you attend?*

    * I attended Clear Springs High School.

---
* *What was your favorite extracurricular activity in high school?*

    * My favorite extracurricular activity in high school was competitive programming.

---
* *Why did you come to UT?*

    * My computer science teacher in high school went to UT and made its' educational and professional value seem unmatched.

---
* *Why are you majoring in CS?*

    * I love mathematics and problem solving, so computer science seemed like the obvious choice to major in.

---
* *Why are you in this class?*

    * I had some classmates take this course last year prior to their graduation and they told me it was a must take class.

---
* *What are your expectations of this class?*

    * My expectations for this class are to learn new and interesting programming concepts that I'll be able to practically apply to my future career endeavors.

---
* *How much C/C++ do you already know?*

    * I have a lot more experience working in C than I do in C++. However, I'm hoping my proficiency with Java combined with my aforementioned experience in C will lead to me picking up C++ quickly.

---
* *How did you like the first lectures?*

    * I really enjoy the structure of the lectures, as I'm always stressing about taking notes for my courses and having notes readily available is a nice change of pace. Moreover, I have found the lecture content to be extremely interesting, so all in all I'm very excited to see what this class has to offer.

---
* *How did you feel about the cold calling?*

    * I worked real estate sales the last two years, so I'm very familiar and comfortable with anything and everything involving cold calling.

---
* *What do you think about specifications grading?*

    * I think specifications grading was a little difficult to wrap my brain around at first, but as I've been reading up on the first project and beginning to code, things are starting to make more sense.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * My girlfriend survived a major car accident last Tuesday and has been recovering at an amazing rate, which is easily one of the happiest feelings in the world.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My tip-of-the-week is this [homebrew maintenance](https://mac.install.guide/homebrew/8#:~:text=The%20command%20brew%20cleanup%20will,cleanup%20with%20%2D%2Dprune%3Dall%20.) article I found about maintaining the packages within a homebrew environment, as well as the environment itself, which I thought would be really useful to everyone who uses macOS. I recommend to everyone who reads this blog to save the page for future use, as several of the commands are very similar and it can be hard to remember which does which.

---