---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
author: Jimbo
pfp: antonio-3.jpeg
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm really proud of the efficiency at which I completed my first project for my modern web applications course. Moreover, I'm also proud of my ability to stay on top of the remainder of my work (fingers crossed it stays that way).

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * As I stated above, it was really my ability to complete work efficiently, i.e. in a timely manner, that I used to make those moments my most proud. One thing I'd really like to work on this week is my ability to utilize the 45/15 method of completing work, as currently I just sit down for hours and experience a large burnout towards the end.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * The only real impact I had on other people this week was helping my girlfriend study for her biology and chemistry courses. I also made my mom happy by calling several times this week to check in, as my parents just became empty nesters a few weeks ago when my little brother left for his freshman year of college.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #4. Pair Programming.*

    * I had actually read this exact paper before for a few of my programming courses during my early years here at UT. I think pair programming is a really important and useful concept that I personally under utilize, as usually I'm too busy to find a partner to work with. Something I'd like to work on this semester is getting better at incorporating this concept into my workflow.

---
* *What did you think of Project #1. Grades.*

    * I thought I did a pretty good job on Project 1, I just wish I'd kept my momentum at the start and completed the project early. I plan on taking everything I learned during this project and applying it to the next project to hopefully do an even better job.

---
* *What did you think of exceptions, strcmp(), vector, list and deque?*

    * I'd worked with exception handling before in other languages, but C++ exception handling was very new and certainly took me a minute to wrap my head around. I also felt very silly when comparing the professor's solution with mine for string comparison, as mine was much longer. Moreover, the professor's analysis of vector, list, and deque reminded me of taking data structures a few years ago where we did the exact same thing for the correlating Java structures.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * Making it through last week made me really happy because I had a large amount of work to complete.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is an article about [creating local web servers](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html) using ```python -m http.server``` in the command line. I thought this would be a really useful tool for those who manage their own web servers, like me, and want to avoid constantly updating their deployment version.

---