---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm most proud of getting a schedule down for staying on top of my homework last week, as I've struggled with staying on top of my homework in my earlier years here at UT. My goal is to maintain a healthy school life balance this year and it feels like I just completed the first major piece of that puzzle (fingers crossed for no all-nighters this year).

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * I think the main skill I used to make this possible was planning, which is fairly new to me as I'm someone who used to procrastinate a lot. If you're like me in that way, I definitely recommend setting some time aside in a nice quiet place without distractions (specifically your phone) because it's completely changed my efficiency when getting work done. 

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * I made my girlfriend and my parents really happy this weekend by setting two days aside to travel and spend time together. Something I don't get to do very often anymore.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #1. Syllabus.*

    * I thought the syllabus was very helpful, with the only thing that was a little confusing being the grading scheme, which I'm glad we're doing the project on to gain a better understanding. I really liked the discussion structure of Perusall, as I feel like I gained a deeper understanding from reading and commenting on my classmates posts.

---
* *What did you think of Docker and operator overloading?*

    * I really think Docker is an incredible idea and have been actively working to implement it both in my school projects and my personal projects (like this website). Moreover, I think operator overloading, while a little confusing at times, will ultimately be a powerful addition to my skill set both academically and professionally.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I went with my girlfriend and my parents on Saturday to College Station to watch the Texas A&M versus McNeese football game, as both my girlfriend and my younger brother are Aggies. It was really interesting and fun seeing our rivals traditions in person, with the only part I didn't enjoy being the intense sunburn on my body from being up in the stands. Moral of the story, always use sunblock if you're out and about in the sun for several hours.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My tip-of-the-week is using [Chruby on Mac](https://mac.install.guide/ruby/12) for managing Ruby versions and Gems, as I spent a good portion of this week researching system-packages and the proper management of those packages after causing some system corruption on my Mac (*hint* --break-system-packages isn't a smart long-term solution). This is a really good solutions if you're like me and have multiple projects reliant on old and new Ruby versions and Gems, with Docker probably being the best solution, I'm just not proficient enough with it yet.

---