---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
pfp: antonio-3.jpeg
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm proud of myself for putting in the effort to study for my second Geology exam, even though the material ended up being different from what I prepared for. I'm also glad to have started project four early, especially since getting a head start on assignments has been a challenge for me.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * I used my growing skills in studying and planning ahead to accomplish these feats, which have come a long way since the start of the semester.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * Last week was my girlfriend's twenty-third birthday, and I planned two full days of celebration for her, which made her really happy.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #10. Why getter and setter methods are evil.*

    * Last week's paper on why getter and setter methods can be counterproductive was not only fascinating but also challenged my foundational understanding of object-oriented programming. Its argument that these methods complicate growth and change, while compromising internal data integrity, really resonated with me. It’s made me reconsider several of my past projects, where I now see potential improvements. Moving forward, I'd like to refocus my design philosophy with this insight in mind, aiming to create more concise and adaptable projects and applications.

---
* *What did you think of Exercise #7. Vector2.*

    * This week's first exercise, *Vector2*, where we implemented both the move constructor and move assignment, was a fantastic extension of the previous exercise. It deepened my understanding of how objects, especially containers, function under the hood.

---
* *What did you think of Exercise #8. Vector3.*

    * Additionally, this week's second exercise, *Vector3*, where we implemented allocator-based constructors and a destructor, was a challenging step up from the previous work. However, it was incredibly beneficial for deepening my understanding of how allocators are practically implemented.

---
* *What did you think of move constructor, and move assignment?*

    * Connecting back to the Vector2 exercise, I found that the move constructor and move assignment are powerful tools that help define program behavior more precisely by giving us control over r-value argumentation. However, I’d love to see more practical use cases for these concepts to better understand their full potential in real-world scenarios.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    *  I’m really happy to be back home in League City for the weekend, spending time with both my family and my girlfriend's.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My tip-of-the-week is to carve out time to de-stress and just breathe between classes, exercises, and projects. It’s so easy to get caught up in a cycle of constant stress, and taking small breaks can make a big difference.

---