---
layout: post
title: "CS 371p Fall 2024: Antonio Ramos"
author: Jimbo
pfp: antonio-3.jpeg
---
---
* *What are you most proud of doing last week?*

    * I'm most proud of my performance on this week's in-class exercise, as I struggled with the previous one but was able to complete this one on my first attempt.

---
* *What ability or skill did you use to make that moment the most proud of?*

    * I believe my consistent class attendance and attention to detail allowed me to make that moment my proudest. Additionally, my ability to work well with others played a big role in my success.

---
* *What impact did you have on other people?*

    * My little brother has been having a hard time during his freshman year of college, and I’ve been doing my best to give him advice to help him stay afloat. I hope he’s internalizing what I’ve told him so that he can succeed.

---
* *What did you think of Paper #8. Interface Segregation Principle.*

    * I thought this week’s paper on the Interface Segregation Principle was a great summary of the design principles Professor Downing has been teaching us recently. The last two examples in the paper really helped solidify my understanding of the principle and how to apply it in both my academic and personal projects. The only question I was left with was whether this principle is worth implementing in smaller-scale projects? My current conclusion is that it really depends on the project and the future plans for its development.

---
* *What did you think of Exercise #5. Digits.*

    * I thought this week's exercise was great practice for the project due next week and really helped strengthen my foundational understanding of iterators, which wasn’t fully developed after exercise four. Something I’d really like to see from the staff going forward is posted solutions to the exercises, or at least the ability to review our submissions after grades have been posted.

---
* *What did you think of stack<T, C>, queue<T, C>, priority_queue<T, C>?*

    * I thought the template implementations of stack, queue, and priority queue made a lot of sense, especially with all the recent lectures on the implementations of vector, deque, and list. It was interesting to see how only some of these backend containers were compatible with these data structures.

---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * My family has been sending me lots of pictures of my cat, Simba, which has definitely been brightening my days.

---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * I thought I’d share my IDE extensions ([1](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker), [2](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.wordcount)) for writing these blogs as my tip-of-the-week to help those of you developing in VSC.

---