---
layout: post
title: "CS 373 Spring 2025: Antonio Ramos"
member: Jimbo
---
---
* *Where did you grow up?*

    * I grew up in League City, Texas.
    
---
* *What high school did you attend?*

    * I attended Clear Springs High School.
    
---
* *What was your favorite extracurricular activity in high school?*

    * My favorite extracurricular activity in high school was our competitive programming club. (Though marching band was definitely a close second.)
    
---
* *Where would you have gone if UT hadn't accepted you?*

    * I had scholarship offers from Rice, Baylor, and Texas Tech, but none covered enough costs. Honestly, your guess is as good as mine.
    
---
* *What would you have majored in if CS hadn't accepted you?*

    * I would have majored in electrical engineering because I enjoy the hardware side of computation almost as much as the software side.
    
---
* *Why are you in this class?*

    * I took Object-Oriented Programming with Professor Downing last semester and really enjoyed his teaching style, so I wanted to take another one of his courses.
    
---
* *What are your expectations of this class?*

    * I hope to gain a deeper understanding of front-end and back-end development while improving my teamwork skills through group programming projects.
    
---
* *How much do you know about Javascript/Python/SQL/Web programming?*

    * I have a solid understanding of all these topics. I run my own website and took Dr. Devdatta's Modern Web Applications course last semester, which I highly recommend.
    
---
* *How did you like the first lectures?*

    * The first lectures have been almost identical to last semester's Object-Oriented Programming lectures, so I've really enjoyed them.
    
---
* *How did you feel about the cold calling?*

    * I'm very familiar and comfortable with cold calling since I worked in residential real estate for two years, where it was an essential part of the job.
    
---
* *What do you think about specifications grading?*

    * I like it because it pushes me to stay on top of everything, which ultimately enhances my learning and understanding.
    
---
* *What made you happy this week?*

    * I sent my girlfriend's family and my family my graduation date and time. It made me extremely happy because graduation is starting to feel right around the corner.
    
---
* *What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?*

    * My pick-of-the-week is [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/) for anyone using macOS for development. It offers much more functionality than the standard terminal.
    
---